README.md, before:

# inFridge

## Project overview

The purpose of this app is to help and fill any hungry belly out there. The app connects to a Google Sheet file. The file stores favorite recipes and infridge ingredients. The app generates a recipe based on infridge ingredients or a shopping list if no recipe is available.

inFridge is for everyone who cooks. From students, single parents, busy professionals to kids who want to surprise their parents or grandparents.

Instead of wasting hours thinking what to cook for the day, just ask the computer what can you cook with what you have in the fridge.

Live app: [inFridge](https://infridge.herokuapp.com/)

![Mockup image placeholder](Mockup image path)

## Table of contents
1. [User Stories](#User-stories)
2. [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing-Features) 
        - [Feature 1](#Feature-1)
        - [Feature 2](#Feature-2)
    - [Future Features](#Future-Features)
3. [Flowchart](#Flowchart)
4. [Data Model](#Data-Model)
5. [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
6. [Testing](#Testing)
7. [Deployment](#Deployment)
8. [Credits](#Credits)


## User Stories
Although this is a CLI app it doesn't address only to tech savvy people, because it was designed with user interaction in mind.

### As developer 
- I want to offer a solution to an everyday problem to help users choose a meal
- I want the user to get a shopping list if a recipe is not available so that the user can still enjoy a favorite recipe
- I want to offer feedback to user input to guide the user through the process of using the app

### As a user 
- I want an easy to use app to avoid frustration
- I want information on each step to understand what to do
- I want be able to choose one of may favorite recipe to to enjoy a meal
- I want be able to choose recipes based on an ingredient I fancy to save time sorting through my favorite recipes list
- I want to have an up to date in fridge ingredients list

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Features
In this section, you can find implemented features as well as some features left for a future development stage.

### Existing Features
#### - Feature 1

![Feature 1 screenshot](Feature 1 screenshot path)
#### - Feature 2

![Feature 2 screenshot](Feature 2 screenshot path)
## Future Features
#### - Feature 1
#### - Feature 2

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Flowchart

[Flowchart](assets/images/flowchart.pdf)

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Data Model

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Technologies Used

1. [Technology 1](Technology 1 link) - description
2. [Technology 1](Technology 1 link) - description

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Testing
Testing...

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Deployment
This section describes the process of deploying the project to GitHub Pages and creating an Application in Heroku

### Deploying to GitHub Pages
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Go to "Settings" tab
6. Scroll down until you find "Github pages" and press the link you find there, or just choose "pages" from the left sidebar
7. Under "source" change "none" to  "master" branch and then press "save"
8. Refresh the page (can take a few minutes) and then under "Github pages" you have the new URL for the live project

### Running the project in [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) 
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Add "gitpod.io/#" before URL in address bar and press "enter"

### Running the project locally
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Locate and click on the "Code" button
6. Copy the URL under "HTTPS"
7. In your IDE of choice, create a new repository
8. Type "git clone 'copied URL'" and press enter

### Creating an application in Heroku

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Credits
### Content
The content used ...
### Media
The images used ...

### Acknowledgements
- Thanks to ...
- Thanks to ...

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

Commit message:

Add Heroku app creation section to README file

README.md, after:

# inFridge

## Project overview

The purpose of this app is to help and fill any hungry belly out there. The app connects to a Google Sheet file. The file stores favorite recipes and infridge ingredients. The app generates a recipe based on infridge ingredients or a shopping list if no recipe is available.

inFridge is for everyone who cooks. From students, single parents, busy professionals to kids who want to surprise their parents or grandparents.

Instead of wasting hours thinking what to cook for the day, just ask the computer what can you cook with what you have in the fridge.

Live app: [inFridge](https://infridge.herokuapp.com/)

![Mockup image placeholder](Mockup image path)

## Table of contents
1. [User Stories](#User-stories)
2. [Features](#Features)
    - [Existing Features](#Existing-Features) 
        - [Feature 1](#Feature-1)
        - [Feature 2](#Feature-2)
    - [Future Features](#Future-Features)
        - [Future Feature 1](#Future-Feature-1)
        - [Future Feature 2](#Future-Feature-2)
3. [Flowchart](#Flowchart)
4. [Data Model](#Data-Model)
5. [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
6. [Testing](#Testing)
7. [Deployment](#Deployment)
8. [Credits](#Credits)


## User Stories
Although this is a CLI app it doesn't address only to tech savvy people, because it was designed with user interaction in mind.

### As developer 
- I want to offer a solution to an everyday problem to help users choose a meal
- I want the user to get a shopping list if a recipe is not available so that the user can still enjoy a favorite recipe
- I want to offer feedback to user input to guide the user through the process of using the app

### As a user 
- I want an easy to use app to avoid frustration
- I want information on each step to understand what to do
- I want be able to choose one of may favorite recipe to to enjoy a meal
- I want be able to choose recipes based on an ingredient I fancy to save time sorting through my favorite recipes list
- I want to have an up to date in fridge ingredients list

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Features
In this section, you can find implemented features as well as some features left for a future development stage.

### Existing Features
#### - Feature 1

![Feature 1 screenshot](Feature 1 screenshot path)
#### - Feature 2

![Feature 2 screenshot](Feature 2 screenshot path)
## Future Features
#### -  Feature 1
#### - Fuyure Feature 2

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Flowchart

[Flowchart](assets/images/flowchart.pdf)

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Data Model

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)

## Technologies Used

1. [Technology 1](Technology 1 link) - description
2. [Technology 1](Technology 1 link) - description

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Testing
Testing...

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Deployment
This section describes the process of deploying the project to GitHub Pages and creating an Application in Heroku

### Creating an application in Heroku
1. Use command: pip3 freeze > requirements.txt to create the list of requirements
2. Log into heroku account and create new app
3. In settings tab, set up config vars key=CREDS value=creds.json file content and key=PORT value=8000
4. Add buildpacks Python and Nodejs
5. In deployment tab, connect to GitHub 
6. Deploy branch will generate [inFridge app](https://infridge.herokuapp.com/)

### Deploying to GitHub Pages
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Go to "Settings" tab
6. Scroll down until you find "Github pages" and press the link you find there, or just choose "pages" from the left sidebar
7. Under "source" change "none" to  "master" branch and then press "save"
8. Refresh the page (can take a few minutes) and then under "Github pages" you have the new URL for the live project

### Running the project in [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/) 
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Add "gitpod.io/#" before URL in address bar and press "enter"

### Running the project locally
1. Open a browser and navigate to [Github.com](https://github.com/)
2. Log in to GitHub account
3. Click on "Responsitories" or select "Your repositories" from profile menu at the top right corner
4. Select "project name"
5. Locate and click on the "Code" button
6. Copy the URL under "HTTPS"
7. In your IDE of choice, create a new repository
8. Type "git clone 'copied URL'" and press enter


[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
## Credits
### Content
The content used ...
### Media
The images used ...

### Acknowledgements
- Thanks to ...
- Thanks to ...

[Back to top](#Table-of-contents)
